Hi listeners. Today Alana and I are here
with two hands Srivastava, the founder
and CEO of base 10, the AI inference
cloud. We're here to talk about capacity
constraints for AI compute. Why
inference is the last market, how the
workload is changing, the open source
and perhaps multi-chip future, and what
30x scale in a year looks like. Two
hands, welcome back.
>> Hi.
>> Good to see you.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> All right, you are in one of the uh
craziest markets, AI inference. Uh
it's very important. There's a lot going
on. You guys have grown 30x over the
last year.
And I think I can say you're expecting
to do more than a billion dollars in
revenue this year.
>> Mhm.
>> What's going on? Tell us about scale.
>> Yeah. No, it's been it's been nuts. I
think I think
what's happened over the last I'll only
say 24 months, but this kind of keeps
getting bigger and bigger is that
I think everyone is re- realizing that
you can put AI everywhere. Um you have
you have all these great options
available from closed source open source
models.
The open source models have crossed some
sort of chasm in terms of their baseline
capability, and then I think RL
techniques and post-training it's um for
specialized models um has
become mainstream enough, and you know,
there's enough examples of it work of it
working. The customers are realizing
they can, you know, kind of own their
inference um more and more, and what
that's meant for us is um more, you
know, the long tail models coming
through, customers in-housing a lot of
that intelligence themselves, and as the
application layer just gets, you know,
bigger and bigger and bigger, and that's
growing, we we are we are just someone
index on that, and we've been around to
be able to collect the demand.
>> There's an existential question in here
that I think everybody is uh continually
asking of does the independent
application layer get to exist at all
versus the labs? Like how do you You
have to believe this. Why do you believe
it?
>> Yeah, look, I I I think it'd be it'd be
a sad thing if it didn't exist in
general and I think that's like my But
you know, sa- sadness is fine. Um the
>> [laughter]
>> Sad all the time
>> Uh yeah, sa- sadness is fine. Um but
like that that that's not the reason why
I think the application layer will
exist. I think the application layer
will exist for a number of reasons. One
is because
you know,
I think this idea um that what it what
is valuable to a company um is you know,
the
the user signal that they can gather
that only they can gather.
Um and to the extent that that is
encoded um in a model, I think a lot of
their business will um be at risk. But
to the to the extent that it is encoded
in workflows, um that is where they will
be able to develop mode. So, a good a
good example of that is say a company
like a Bridge where the clinicians edits
of the notes and what they do with the
notes after the fact in the um the thing
that happens in um inside the EMR three
steps down, you know, that becomes a
workflow that only
>> Can you explain what a Bridge does?
>> A sorry, a a Bridge is a um ambient um
scribe um that is used by physicians in
um
or like you know, almost all hospitals
in the US. I think they're a lot to
invest uh
um Greg Shives is amazing. Great great
company, great team, um great product.
Um and you know, they they've basically
uh
you know, got this very very deep
integration into into hospitals into
clinician workflows.
And my argument would be here is that
actually, you know, it's very very hard
for um a frontier model company to be
able to eat up where that cuz they just
don't have access to that user signal.
And what will happen over time is that
folks who have access to that user
signal can start to post-train models on
that reward signal and and start to get
long long horizon agentic models running
then. And I think to the extent that
that is possible and that signal is
differentiated and unique and and and is
um
somewhat
rare to to get access to, there will be
an application layer. And I think you
know, it's like support companies is
another example of that where you know,
a support
a support task isn't one-shotted.
Usually at a company like Basecamp, when
a ticket comes in, there's like what,
like one, two, 10, 20 actions that get
taken. And that is where, you know,
someone can develop a specialized model.
>> So there's almost two versions of this
then. There's the new companies like a
Bridge or Decagon or some of these other
things that you mentioned that are doing
these new types of applications that are
using AI and they sell it to customers.
The other is that enterprises building
things in-house or building their own
models. What proportion of the market
today do you think is
um these new application companies
versus enterprises just adopting AI? And
how do you think that looks in a couple
years?
>> Yeah, I I I think that's a that's a you
know, we did I think you asked me the
same question two years ago.
>> I hate to be repetitive.
>> The answer is just that it's crazy that
the answer is still I think I think if
you look by inference count, it'd be 99%
the former.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and that is the kind of represents
the scope of the opportunity here is
that the majority of the market hasn't
come online and and and um
and added AI into this market.
>> of enterprise adoption is well ahead of
us and I think that's one of the very
exciting things about AI. Yeah, this is
just so much still to come and people
are underestimating that, I think.
>> 100% and I but what's cool is that we're
seeing the transition happen. Right?
Before it was like, "Hey, are they are
they using AI tools?"
I don't think that was immediately
obvious two years ago. I think that's
obvious now that yes, they are.
Are they using closed-source model APIs?
Um I think they're starting to get
there. And then once you do that and
then you kind of see what is possible,
then comes the whole custom model
adoption. I think that is all that is
ahead of us today.
>> So if the majority of your customer base
today is as you described the the former
like application companies AI natives,
the
um fast-growing and some of them are at
considerable scale now like the Abridge,
Cursor,
>> Open Evidence.
>> Open Evidence's of the world. Uh what,
you know, what do they what do they
teach you? What does that push the
company to do? How do you think about
serving them versus evolving for the
enterprise?
>> Yeah. Um I I think firstly like you just
learn a lot by building with the
companies the greatest scale doing the
most interesting things. Um we we think
of it two ways.
Like I think there's like the the the
most obvious way which is
just build for the highest scale,
um you know, most the customers that
will push you the most from
technologically and everything kind of
will fall into play. I think that's the
Stripe evolution as a company showed
that which is like Stripe now like
serves
like so many enterprises but 12 years
ago that wasn't the case. But they just
built for the frontier and kind of went
with them. Um and the second way we
think about that this is to just think
about building for companies that are
serving enterprises. So yes, we don't
serve the enterprise but our customers
serve enterprises. Um Abridge serves
enterprises, Open Evidence, Deck Hogan,
um
all these
Writer, Gamma, all these play all these
companies
serve enterprises in mass and what we
actually get is like a translation of
the requirements
from them which is like, you know,
they're like, "Hey, we need this sort of
data retention. We need this type this
web models need to be deployed. Um this
is the types of GPUs or the latencies
they're okay with. This is the model
requirements from like a transparency
perspective that they care about." And
so I think that is actually the more
nuanced answer is that if you listen to
what their needs are, we actually get a
full translation of what the enterprise
would require. Like I would say that by
serving companies like a bridge and Open
Evidence, we're probably pretty well
suited to go serve the health care
system given that they are selling and
latent health given that they are
selling to them.
>> How how much of a shift are you seeing
in terms of the types of open source
models that are being used? And so I
think we've seen an evolution where 2 3
years ago, I think the main thing was
kind of Mistral and then a few other
things and then Meta kind of came along
with Lama and then it kind of really
shifted.
>> Yeah.
>> In terms of the best performing models
are of Chinese origin in different ways.
Do you see that sort of mix reflected in
terms of what's being used by our
customers?
>> Yeah, I I I I I I I I think customers,
at least the customers we are serving,
are very and these are like the fastest
growing AI companies in the world that
are very forward thinking. They they
want to use best models. And they they
are optimizing. I think there is
there there are a there's a subset of
tasks which I think is small today where
people really start to start with cost.
>> Mhm.
>> Um but everyone comes for capability
first because that's really where the
economic growth is being unlocked, where
the value is being delivered, and then
they optimize. And I think that's like
we actually been you know, and so with
that in mind, you know, you you you name
like you name it everything from GPT- 4
SS all the way to
Moonshot models to Deep Six
to um Canopy with Orpheus which is like
really good text to speech
um models um
Customers generally want to use
whatever at the frontier. And and I
think the
um the difference is just being
um
I think we have a lot more visibility
into how to run these and how to run
these really well. And secondly, that
they're good now.
>> There've been a number of different
concerns raised about the use of Chinese
models, in particular security or is
there something embedded in the models
or, you know, Trojan horses or other
things.
Um A, do you think there's any real
concern there? And B, you know, people
often talk about how there should be
like US counterweights to this. From a
geopolitical perspective, do you think
that's something that's legitimate or
something we should be worried about or
how do you think about the
Yeah, sort of origins of these models
versus their uses?
>> Yeah, look, I I I think these these
models firstly are fantastic. They're
amazing. We work with these teams.
They're truly awesome. Um
I'd say
Look, I I don't it is hard for me it is
hard for me to see
and I I could be wrong, but like you
know,
if I if I net if I network bound these
models that they're not magically, you
know, going to be able to cross the
network boundaries and to data is data
and you know, I don't and we I've never
seen any real evidence um
except from some very early models that
I think people picked up on very quickly
that there is some
agenda or bias
built in these. Um
I do think that to some um to some
extent is
I I think there is importance to the US
that we develop our own models. I think
that that would be a massive loss if
that there are five companies
you know, five different labs in China
that are creating open source models um
and we're struggling to get one set up.
It's so it's necessary. Um
I also think it's inevitable. Um and you
know, like the
the to
deep the deep seek moment a year ago, um
I remember
someone saying to me and I thought I
thought it was like a very well said
which is like and the world's changed a
lot, but they said, "Hey, you know, we
should kind of just forget
>> Mhm.
>> that this is a Chinese model. We should
just act like this came from
>> Mhm.
>> from Meta and and build and build with
that in mind."
>> Mhm.
>> It's like, you know, I think you're kind
of missing the forest from the trees.
Like there's two there's two scenarios,
right? Either America does not ever come
up with good open source models and
there's probably a fundamental problem
there or we will get there and we need
to be ready for that world.
>> Yeah, that makes sense. It's interesting
because um you know, like you I I think
it's very important for the US to have a
strong open source footprint here.
Um at least for now it looks like
effectively the Chinese government is
subsidizing at least a large subset of
these models. And that subsidy or
surplus is effectively just being passed
on to US enterprises who are adopting
these models. In other words, it's a way
for the Chinese government to
effectively subsidize US enterprise
>> Yeah.
>> in an indirect manner and I think that's
a little bit lost right now. Um
but you know, it's always interesting to
weigh that against some of the other
concerns that are raised. I appreciate
your your comments on this.
>> Well, yeah, and I I think the concern
also just there just becomes like what
happened if we aren't able to
Like if if it is fun like I I think if
you think of the economics here, which
is Deep Seek by most Deep Seek is a good
a very good model.
>> Mhm.
>> Um you know, like and like you can argue
whether
it's at the absolute frontier or not,
but like let's let's go back three
months.
>> Mhm.
>> And so
we're doing a whole lot of things three
months ago. And so let's just think
about that. Well, um
you know, if it you could run Deep Seek
probably 20% of the cost
>> Mhm.
>> of running
of Anthropic models
in production
with comparable better latency, probably
better reliability. If we don't have
access to that intelligence in that
form, I think it's just a massive loss.
Um and as a country that we won't be
able to innovate as fast because like
the the cost of intelligence going down
and control of intelligence, what we
have seen just means more intelligence.
>> Yeah.
>> Intelligence being embedded in more
places.
>> Yeah, an important note here that we
didn't mention explicitly is that the
state-of-the-art models, the ones that
are most far ahead on the frontier, are
actually still the closed source
Anthropic, Open AI, Google, etc.
>> Yeah.
>> What has been actually maybe you can
just characterize like workload a little
bit, like how of tokens being served on
Base 10, like how many of them are
from custom models of some kind versus
like vanilla open source today?
>> It is all
custom. It's basically
>> Okay.
>> So like 95% plus.
>> 95% like and I I think that's really
cool to be honest. Like look what we
have
>> We have two businesses we have we have
three business we have we have three
businesses right now.
>> Do we have three now?
>> No no
dedicated dedicated inference which is
basically custom order inference. Your
SLA is your SLA and we have shared
inference which is shared inference at
some point
shared SLAs
and we have a training business.
Um
I'd say
95%
of the tokens today are on the
the the first business and almost all of
them
Um there's probably a a Yeah for almost
all of them the customer is making some
modifications to the model with their
with their own data. Um specialized for
the use case and I think what's even
more important is um they might be
compiling in different ways. No one is
just running the vanilla open source
weights. Like you you might be
customizing it for quality but you must
also be customizing it for performance.
>> You made an acquisition of a research
team a few months ago. You've mentioned
post training customization. Uh
what was the rationale behind the
acquisition? What is that team doing
today?
>> Yeah um
So the the rationale around the
acquisition was you know we we are
infrastructure and product people.
Um we are product people um and now are
really good infrastructure people and
the um
and we didn't have much of a um research
capability ourselves and and what we saw
was um the market moving heavily and
heavily like that we could accelerate
the market itself um with post training
um resources um either product title or
aren't they even just as resources for
that market. Um so PaLM was a a company
that was a Base 10 customer. So they
were post training models and running
them on Base on Base 10.
And I think
what they realized was
um
that
they would eventually need to become an
inference company.
Um and what we realized was like, "Hey,
we we really needed that expertise to
because it is it represents a way for us
to get closer to the customer earlier um
and you know, be able to support them
more." And it just made sense um as a
hit like pairing them together and um
just as as I said in the opening
statement here which is, you know, as
more and more post-training models have
come up, we've realized that the the
demand for people to for people
to either
um for software loops
to do post-training or for post-training
expertise is very high and then we we're
really really investing um in that. Um
there's also a bunch of Australians. Um
you know, we I like to think that we had
a bit a bit of alpha there. Um but yeah,
that that's been fantastic. They're
working with
all sorts of customers um and it it's
also very interesting when you when you
um start, you know, we were doing a lot
of research on the performance side and
less so
on the post-training side. Um it's
interesting as we've started to do a lot
more research on the post-training side,
um you start to see how linked inference
and post-training are. And like, you
know, even e- even when you think about
stuff like quantization and then when
you should do that and like, you know,
how how how how training um how how you
train the model affects how you need to
quantize for inference and how paired
these problems are.
>> Mhm.
>> Um has become like very apparent and
more and more we realize that the
post-training and inference are kind of
both sides of the same problem. So cuz
inference will ideally will beget more
post-training. Where inference creates
data, you do evals, you can now
post-train post-train on that um on that
reward function that you that you found
with those evals and and hopefully this
will play entirely out.
>> Plenty of folks from uh Ant and OpenAI,
Sam, Greg, etc. have said in recent
months that like inference is super
strategic, inference talent is
strategic, capacity is strategic. Uh so,
between that and post-training, these
are
uh very
uh difficult to gather like
capabilities.
>> Yeah.
>> Um I imagine that lots of your customers
go to you guys for advice on like how to
do this progression of moving to custom
models. Like, what do you tell people
about the life cycle and when they
should invest in that?
>> Yeah, I I think it's hey, go find go
prove to yourself with the best-in-class
model that you have something worth
optimizing. Um and and I think, you
know,
a lot of you know, if a customer comes
to us,
you you
you there there was what's that meme
which was like it was like 2 years ago.
It feels like there's no GPUs
pre-product market fit. It's like no
post-training pre-product market fit as
well.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> It it what I'd say is
>> Some people that you're working with
here are very very at scale first.
>> Yeah, they they they they have they have
a user signal that they know how to
optimize. And they've shown that they
can, you know, they can serve customer
value and that value and that they have
something special around that value. And
once you have that value, it's like,
"Okay, now how can I do that better,
faster, and cheaper?" With the idea
being that, "Hey, if you need to be very
good at customer support, you can you
maybe don't need to be that good at
coding and that a specialized model
might be a better fit for that problem
and you can do it better, faster, and
cheaper.
>> What about the capacity side? You uh
started with you know, unifying capacity
across all the clouds and new clouds.
How do you think about this whenever you
keep talking about a a supply crunch and
a multi-year supply crunch?
>> I think um
you know, there's so much narrative
around the supply crunch. Um
and no matter
like as much as we hear about it, I
don't think people realize how bad
it really is. Like, there is
you know, there's very, very little
slack compute available. Like, you know,
we we run pretty large clusters
ourselves and we run them in like
uncomfortably high utilization. You
know, we we're not saying we're like
mid-90s utilization um most of the time.
Um
there is we have made we we have we sit
in
18 different clouds now.
We have 90 clusters around the world
across 18 different clouds and like, you
know,
initially we started we like built this
technology to be able to like kind of
create one runtime fabric that spans all
these different clouds and try to
abstract that away from our customers
um as a way to think about reliability,
latency, failover, all these things that
we think are going to be very important
for very mission-critical use cases.
Um that same technology like just our
ability to get compute wherever humanly
possible
um has been really really helpful in our
ability to get supply and and what what
I mean by that is
we can be introduced to a new provider
in a different country
um
and have it up and running with the
whole base 10 inference stack
>> as part of the fabric.
>> part of the fabric in
you know, half a day?
Half a maybe less. Uh um
even for and that gives us enormous
flexibility. Um
even for us it is hard for us to grow.
Like we have a
we have a I think it's yeah, I can't
say. Um we have a
a 4:00 p.m. standing meeting for the
company where we basically go like like
how do we like how do we how do we
manage capacity for the demand right
now. I think the second part which
people don't really um
the two
the second part that people don't really
understand is
um that there are also a lot of
um
suppliers right now
um that's it's kind of grifty.
You know, like the I I I think, you
know, they haven't run they haven't run
data centers before.
You know, they don't understand SLAs
especially for inference. Um and so
like, you know, even when there is
capacity available,
um there's a lot of dough it like
there's probably
we we run a lot more than this than we
ever done in Seattle, so it's fine. But
if you, you know, there's probably like
a dozen
good
like
clouds and I probably like put like
three or four of them in like the
the gold tier.
>> Mhm.
>> Um and I think that just means that like
supply like not only are we supply
crunched, we're supplier and
operationally crunched onto people who
can who can run these data centers as
well.
>> How how far ahead can you actually buy
capacity right now? In other words, like
is there
any any slack in the market if you buy 2
years ahead or 5 years ahead, you know,
>> You mean like actually like contract
length or actually the K I want this in
January 2028?
>> Yeah, either one, yeah. I mean it's more
the I want this in January 2028 or at
least I have some visibility into my
future supply.
>> Yeah.
Um you could buy that,
but you got to also remember how quickly
the market is how quickly the market is
moving, um and like you know, that gets
balanced somewhat off like the fact that
the H100 is such a great chip.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and like and then so you know,
it's crazy it's 4 years 4 and 1/2 years
old and the price is going up still.
>> Yeah.
>> Maybe it has a useful life 9 years.
>> Um so um you know, that that's that's
good, but at the same time
at the same time,
you know, yes, you can do that, um but
you know, you're making a lot like
you're making a lot of bets.
>> Yeah.
>> Um as part of that. And then in terms of
I think that's the big thing that's
changed over the last 6 months is that
the term length that people want um has
just gone up. So if you if you wanted
um a thou- a thousand
thousand 24 B200s,
>> Mhm.
>> um which is you know, um from a good
cloud right now, you're not getting that
less than a 3 to 5-year contract.
Right now with a probably a 20% TC TCV
prepaid.
Um so like actually what becomes
important when acquiring capacity
um is you need to have enough demand to
supply it um to serve and then you also
need like a low cost of capital um which
is which is actually changing the
dynamic
>> pretty significantly. Does that Does
that impact how you think about going
public as a company because arguably
>> Yeah.
I think you'd go sooner.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Yeah, I think you need like I think the
I think there was demand for that.
Um but I think you know the pool the
It'll It'll also you know one one of our
one of the one of
the realizations that we had recently
and with with software people
um and so we don't we don't think like
this all the time is that you know our
our business has like very interesting
working capital
>> Mhm.
>> um requirements you know um and and I
and I think even and that as a result of
that it has very interesting financing
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> um requirements and we're not at least
right now we're not even going down to
the
>> Yeah, there's also things you could do
in terms of debt or other structures
that yeah.
>> Yeah. And yeah, I've learned a lot about
debt um recently.
>> Given the
supply crunch
Inference being one of you know the top
couple markets you're going after you
have
plenty of people who understand this
problem and therefore you know some
competition. How do you
How do you think about like what are the
factors that create a dominant player
here or a winning player? Is it as you
mentioned cost of capital? Is it access
to supply? Is it software? Is it demand?
>> Yeah.
>> Just being excellent at everything.
>> Yeah, it's it's it's um
Look, I I I I think what's so
interesting about Inference is
>> Is it operations? Like a special
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I think so.
Yeah, I think like GPUs as a service is
not sticky. I think that's been seen.
Like customers generally just see that
as as commodity.
Um
Inference with the software layer
included is incredibly sticky.
Um you know, like just just like
you know, none of our
top 30 customers have ever turned. You
know, we're talking
like 400% annual NDR
>> Mhm.
>> Uh
um around our business. And so, it's
like very it's um it's very very sticky.
So, I think that software layer is very
important. The optimist in me is like,
"Oh, there's so much value in the
software." And like I we will build the
best software layer for inference that
exists, I think.
You know, as I think it's becoming clear
now access to inference compute is
>> Yeah.
>> is a strategic strategic advantage. And
I think that is like the
I think that is the
um strategy that even the labs are going
after, which is like, "If we have the If
If we have all the compute, good luck
running inference."
>> Yeah, yeah. In In a world of constrained
compute, the number one thing to own is
compute.
>> Yeah.
>> And so, you know, just owning it in and
of itself is an asset, and I think
people under appreciate that.
>> Yeah, you can't You can't make a good
hot chocolate without milk. You know
>> [laughter]
>> Unless you're vegan.
So, no one wants the vegan inference. So
>> [laughter]
>> Well, I got to ask you. People might
want They want They might want
alternative milk, right? So,
like when you
the H100 is a great chip. People, you
know, want a B200. They want GB200. They
want, of course, tons and tons of
Nvidia. Um when you think about making a
bet, you know, several years in the
future, do you believe that there's a
like multi-chip world? Like what do you
What do you think happens from a compute
perspective? Um on chip side.
>> Yeah. Um
I think
I think you know, like diversification
everywhere is a
>> Mhm.
>> Same way I want a world of many models.
I think, you know, we want a world of
many most things. I don't know. I think
>> It'd be sad if it didn't happen.
>> Yeah, and and and I think I think
everyone would be sad. I I I will say
um to some extent, which is um
Yeah, and I think there will be
inference-specific chips. I think you
have like decode specific chips. I think
and we're looking at I mean video said
this. Yeah, yeah, I mean that was that
was a whole crock. Um LP thing. It's
like you know, I I think I think that is
um very straightforward and and makes
sense.
I think people really, really, really
underestimate supply chain stuff with
Nvidia. Like how good are they are at
that.
Cuda, how good Cuda is.
The developer ecosystem around it. Um
and
you know, we it
the ability like to me like one of the
most important things is the
infrastructure company in this moment is
how fast you can move and you can move
fastest
with Nvidia today.
Um and I think that is the reality and
like it just like given the scale that
they operate at. Given the scale that
they operate at, it's um it's hard to
it's hard to see um a
it's hard to see the the I'm not I'm not
saying it won't happen like the
short-term like in the next couple years
how anyone can be able to compete with
that.
Espe- especially with you know, so much
of the other the other players. Like
what you need um to be able to compete
here is the ecosystem to form around
you. And if you tie up all your supply
with one buyer,
which you know, a bunch of the other
chip providers have done, it's actually
hard for that ecosystem to form. You
know, like if you if you think about if
if you're a big lab and you have a
proprietary deal with one chip type
where you get 90% of the supply, it's
actually in your best interest to make
sure you get 95% of supply and
everything just get built for you and no
one else can ever use it.
>> When you think about reacting to the
market, um what do you think is like
happening with the actual workloads that
you have to go invest in, right? Like
obviously code agents and long horizon
agents over time have become a big deal.
People talk a lot more about CPU
compute. Video inference is different.
Um I don't know if it's that. Sandbox is
like what what's important for you guys
to invest in now?
>> Yeah, look I I I think this for for us
all the runtime stuff is obviously very
important and then what that means is
like what chips we run on, how we run,
what kind of workload we support, like
do we get very good at diffusion
transformers? Yes. Um coding agents need
sandboxes, which could be called
sandboxes. Um there's all sorts of new
speculation techniques to get faster
inference. We need to do that. Um even
stuff like um KB cache aware routing and
you know, that stuff is a bit old now,
but like getting continuing to be very
good at that and um
somewhat
disentangling prefill and decode and
starting to treat them as separate
problems. I think that's, you know,
something we're very focused on and
we're seeing massive gains there.
That's at the runtime level.
Um I'd say you know, beyond that, you
know, everything we think about is how
to
create more of that
loop between inference post-training
because we think that just begets more
inference. Um and so like we will we
will build our partner in almost
everything.
Yeah, so like you know, we're going to
work with, you know, the best eval
companies in the world to make sure
that's very well integrated like
BrainTrust um into
and around Base 10, you know, we will
partner with all on the sandbox side to
build build the best sandboxes
experience um that will exist. Um and
then we'll create the the best training
APIs to make it so continual learning
becomes somewhat of a solved problem,
it's not just like a discrete
thing.
That's I think the core Base 10 product
thesis is like how do we build that
loop? And then everything after after
around that becomes how do we make sure
that we can do everything we can to
um
ensure that gets the biggest possible.
That's access to compute. That's our own
infrastructure. Make sure we can get
compute anywhere. Make sure we have
access to our own compute. Um and then I
think it's all the primitives that come
after that just that just become
incredibly like margin accretive both
for us and our customers,
um which is, you know, stuff like you
know, sandboxes and like the um async
batch inference. Like how do we drive
utilization by having a first-class
batch inference experience? To me, this
is like what an inference cloud looks
like. It's that you are very good at
inference and then you you start to do
all the things tangential or that loop
into inference and partner in when
necessary and build when necessary. Um
but we really do want to own like start
with that core inference story and then
go down
to unlock supply and create margin and
go up the stack to unlock value.
>> What uh would surprise people about some
of the issues you discover only at
scale? I'll give you an example. I was
surprised when
uh you guys ran into scale limitations,
like fundamental limitations with some
of the hyperscaler products that you
were consuming. Yeah. And I'm because I
kind of think of, you know, the AWS GCPs
of the world as
supporting infinite scale.
>> Yeah. I mean I I I think you just And
like again, like I think very, very
large companies that run services at big
scale is probably the same stuff.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah. All the edge cases
um just become
>> actually experience
>> You experience them. And like, you know,
and you I like I'll give you a few
examples here. Like you you see
you know, you start seeing, you know,
yesterday we had for the first time ever
we saw some kernel panic. Um
at that only happened because some um
uh fluent bit worker was creating too
many logs and
and the scale was too big and it was all
into one node and it was happening to
two two times at the
at the same time by two different
workers. Um so you see all like the
systems level and kernel level problems.
Um but then you start to see I think
with the craziest stuff is that you
start to see with with LLMs
um that these runtimes are pretty
immature.
Even how we use KB cache
is, you know, um
you know, probably a little less
sophisticated than most people see
than most people see. And we we we are
starting to see the the limitations of
the current and the next set of
primitives that need to be built from a
scale security or performance
perspective. But I I think it's really
at the runtime level and the systems
level and then but the edge cases are
I'd say a lot more systems level than
they are
L M specific.
>> What are the things that keep you up at
night?
>> Capacity. Um I think I I I I I I I I I I
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
I
>> Quick answer. Yeah.
>> Yeah, I think capacity. I I I I I I I I
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
I
Probably just this market so big and and
so like
it it represents
um a moment when you should be as
aggressive as possible.
Um and you know, really
you know, we've we've grown a ton of
this year the last 12 months
the last few months.
But the answer is always just go you
know, go bigger go faster and I think
that's really really fun. It's also a
little exhausting and it's also like we
are we are all in somewhat uncharted
territory in terms of how fast and how
big
you can go and how things can get. But I
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
I I I I I I I I I to you know,
get the amount of the the amount of
value that we want to get out of LMs in
the next 5 to 10 years.
>> Or we have to invent a lot of new stuff.
>> Yeah. To Yeah.
>> Maybe if we just talk a little bit about
uh
what you're learning scaling, you know,
30 X is like an aggressive thing to go
through as a company. Uh you've brought
in a lot of um really amazing talent
like um
Danny and Samir and Stephen Day folks on
both the the technical and the um
go-to-market side like what do you what
do you think is working about how you
are recruiting and scaling or
what's your philosophy on that?
>> We were very very flat like until
I don't know 8 to 12 to 18 months ago. I
remember when I walked with a lot
actually. And a lot of it's like you
just need leaders.
And and like it's actually like so
contrary
to
um everything, you know, and the
engineers you're like, "Oh,
>> It's all overhead.
>> It's all It's all Everything is
overhead.
>> [laughter]
>> Everything is overhead. Um and I and I
>> You once told me, I think, that you you
didn't You're like, "Hey, Sarah Sarah,
what about we just have engineers
instead of sales people?"
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bad.
>> [laughter]
>> Everybody learns that.
>> Everyone
We all We all We all know about I
remember like, you know, you you you
said it so clearly at the time a lot and
I and I think that's what we noticed was
just like actually having a leadership
team
um that you can trust, that you can
trust, um
is is is so important. I think I think
the the two or three things that I'll
say is like, you want people where you
can give them whole problems.
And so like, you know, if if if you are
if you feel like you are
micromanaging, if you feel like you need
if you feel like, you know, you you have
to be involved in everything,
I think that's a bit of a cop-out
as a founder cuz you're just like, "I
just need to be involved in everything."
It's like, "No, you you probably just
don't have
the right people." Um I think the second
thing is um be very very clear what
you're optimizing for as cuz I think
when you're very very clear what you're
optimizing for, the people on and like
if it's something generic like, "We want
the smartest, hard-working people."
Like, you can't do much with that. Like,
what that's what we cared about was,
"Hey, actually we don't care about a lot
of people who've done this before.
We care about first principle people who
think from first principle print first
principles. Work has to be um
a high priority, but they also have to
be very kind and nice and you know, care
about the collaborative environment. We
don't have a hero culture. Um you know,
we very low ego.
Um and you know, if you need if you need
a manager, like um it's probably not
>> [laughter]
>> it's probably not the right place um to
be, but I think once you have when you
have that clear rubric, the the people
become very apparent that will fit into
it and the people that don't
um fit into it also become very
apparent. I think what's more like we've
hired amazing people like you mentioned
but I think what's a lot more
interesting is like I think we've we
haven't had a ton of like turnover there
unnecessarily. Like people tend to work
cuz we cuz we have a very we have very
clear on what we want. It took us a
while to get there though.
>> What about the idea of like an
operations culture? And we were talking
to Alyssa and Henry about this and she's
like well the hard thing about cloud is
actually just operations. I slept with a
pager under my pillow for a decade. I
don't think I've seen you detached from
your slack channel.
>> Yeah, my phone is buzzing right now. The
um the um as I I'm getting
I'm getting
I'm getting anxious [clears throat] so
um
>> And and you've you've been concerned
before like do people get it? Like it
you know, what is distinctive about
that?
>> I I think I think
like one I think if you have worked at
an infrastructure company like we were
once in a meeting with a bunch of AWS
execs
and this was you know like very senior
AWS folks
all their pages went off multiple times
um during our 45 minute meeting you know
like it's a I I I think like it's it's
it's very much like it's a cultural
thing
but yeah like I I don't you know our
like infrastructure can't go down and
like you know we you know
you you you you learn to like
you know what was it like I think me and
my co-founder
when his pager goes off his 7-year-old
said is that a P0?
>> [laughter]
>> Oh is that is that is that a P0? And so
you know I I I think that is you just
have to get used to it that's the
culture you live in and it just changes
the speed
um but it also it's it's you know
becomes like a
you know a cultural thing. I think it's
very very it rejects it rejects
people that don't fit into it very very
quickly.
>> Like engineers who avoid
pager.
>> Yeah, you know when we when we have
pagers like everyone on the call. Like
you know like there's been a joke that
they may as well be a siren that goes
off in the office. And when they when
when the siren there,
>> So people have been talking ad nauseam
in the AI community about Jevons
paradox.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, where if you decrease the cost of
it's a it's really a question around
price elasticity and availability. If
you decrease the cost of a good, say
intelligence as a good, um, people
actually consume more of it.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, like the personal or business ROI of
it, the demand for it goes up, not down.
Um, do you see this and are you are you
working against yourself trying make
these models more efficient people just
use them
more or less?
>> Yeah, I I think you have to think about
this from a developer perspective and a
consumer perspective. I think like I
think consumers just want
the best answers and the and the and the
best experience
that's somewhat
um, governed by
yeah, more intelligence to some extent.
I think when you go to the developers
from the developers perspective,
um, they would insert more intelligence
if you make it cheaper. Like that's
yeah, and they would they would they
would insert more intelligence anyway,
but if you make it more cheaper they'll
they'll insert a hell of a lot more
intelligence. You see this with agents
and stuff. Agents are just longer
running
now, and I think that's what we have
seen with the cost of inference going
down, which is, you know,
folks are just like, okay, we can we can
run this for longer, we can make it do a
bit more work and we'll get to a
um, a larger end. I think like if a
compute scales from an inference
perspective as well,
um, and you know, I think we are seeing
that with almost all our customers,
which is you know, they either they
either start with like this is the
quality of answer I
I need to get to and this is the amount
of inference like I need to do to get
that or this is the base level model
that I can start with or that I can work
with to get there and I think the more
we drive down the cost, um, what they
realize is
um,
more intelligence just means better user
>> I just want a better answer.
>> Better answers, better experiences, more
dollars, more dollars, even more
revenue, so yeah, I think I think
inference going down just begets more
but I I I
it is truly I think we're kind of
in a world that is
you know, it is the last market, right?
Like even if there's AGI, all that's
left is inference.
>> Yeah. So, you do not see in your
customers a
uh like
this this answer is enough and this
action is enough dynamic.
>> No. No.
>> Yeah, it's going to keep going for a
long time, I think.
How do you view all this kind of
evolving towards the future? So,
basically this is one of the
It seems like it's going to be one of
the biggest markets of all times. We
have this massive shift where we're
moving from software and seats and
digitalization into actual intelligence,
selling units of cognition,
>> Yep.
>> selling agentic workflows.
What does this all look like in a couple
years? Like what is your view of this
future world?
>> I think for the for consumers it's the
best possible thing, right? Like every
everything is somewhat
s- smarter, you know, your doc- you get
better care cuz your doctors have access
to better um better tools. Um
there's more, you know, like there's all
this stuff about there being less
software engineers. I think we just
build more software.
I think we just build a ton more
software and like, you know, I I see,
you know, we're not slowing down hiring
of software engineers, we're just
building
more things. Um and that for the
consumers that just means better tools,
more software. Um all those all those
good things.
>> like everybody has their own team for
everything, right? You have an agent
which helps with your doctor. You have
an agent that helps you learn stuff. You
have an agent that helps you organize
your life.
>> It's concierge. It's concierge
everything.
>> Yeah, concierge everything for everyone.
>> Yeah, and and and I think like what that
means what that that's amazing. I think
that's great. I think the the the and
education same thing, you have concierge
education. Like you get personalized
access to everything. I think then you
go one step
back in how it
um affects developers, I think, you
know,
um and and companies, I think if you
don't
embrace this,
>> Mhm.
>> I think it's the extinc- extinction
moment
>> Mhm.
>> for for a bunch of folks, which is like,
you know, you everything needs and I I
don't think that means that,
you know,
Ford design needs to figure out. I don't
think that's a thing. I I think I think
like what what's more what's more
interesting is just like, you know,
all these workflow and software
companies need to figure out what is the
intelligent or intelligent inserted
versions that that drive the amount the
all that user value for those and
consumers that we talked about.
>> Yeah, very exciting. Thank you so much
for joining us today.
>> Yeah, thanks, guys.
>> Find us on Twitter at No Priors Pod.
>> [music]
>> Subscribe to our YouTube channel if you
want to see our faces. Follow the show
on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever
you listen. That way you get a new
episode every week. And sign up for
emails or find transcripts [music] for
every episode at no-priors.com.